hope again let me stop my saying in 1958
this behavior stalking creeping
following was considered abnormal today
we just call it social media the Stars
if I'm moving today ah mr. Smith Miss
Ellie Ewing and the woman with the man
with the gold knob blue a store begins
with an older less attractive George
Bailey who as a result of being less
attractive is still single chasing
somebody who doesn't do something bad
and as a result of being older he just
can't land in this mouth everybody looks
down his brain does some monkey to him
which means he can't reach for his cop
buddy's hand calls and said cop buddy
default is death the end not ain't
earned some time later we meet Mitch who
would have been more than happy to marry
old George Jimmy Johnny's got it
Ferguson she designs over the shoulder
Boulder holders for more attractive
women there's the type of woman Johnny /
Scottie would be happy to marry she will
come along and one-wheel shortly after a
short discussion about Johnny / Scotty's
fear of heights which causes vertigo
doesn't name is Louie he boys's some
tots are tamer Miz has just hanging
around her apartment and Johnny is much
intrigued and I'm just sitting here
thinking this old fart ain't been laid
since the Great Depression then a little
chat about how Mead used to wall her
summer Johnny's Jimmy and probably still
does but Johnny ain't about that
desperate boot knock in and then hey
I'll see you creeping Alfred so Johnny
Scotty what's your name [ __ ] goes to
see an old college friend named Gavin
Elster who got a wife dang playing with
a full deck dick is that deck y'all dick
what I mean is she's some special sauce
shot of a Big Mac a few yards short of a
touchdown look I don't know how to say
nice things about a woman who believes
she possessed by a dead great grand
event
yes Madeleine Elster believed she is
possessed by her deceased
great-grandmother and Johnny
I mean Scotty I mean John and Scotty is
like look full I ain't got all my dogs
barking myself have you seen what
happens when you put two crazy folks
together
Brad and Angelina Kim and Kanye Bert and
Ernie got straight-up x-rated in that
apartment what that rubber ducky must
have witnessed one that was definitely
playing with a full deck deck y'all dick
but then Scott E John agrees
go scope art out and then he's like Oh
half of the yes dish right here my kind
of freaky I'm still just thinking about
that pole rubber ducky and this where it
turns into the kind of love story we all
wish we could live in being stalked by
some creepy old guy who falls in love
with your crazy by observing your mental
instability he peeps on her twice she
buys flowers then he golfs settle while
she takes set flowers to the grave of
the dead crate grinning - got her
possessed what's the combo sound like a
head hey me
Mundek ain't stink down here we'll say
you run on over to the florist and bring
me up a bouquet or something don't smell
like the stench of death and rot rotten
death but did she leave with the damn
files because she ain't sure which her
supposed to keep him then he perv on the
private moment she's trying to have with
the painting of herself while Johnny
Scott Falls truly madly deeply in love
with this psycho then he follows her to
a hotel where she gives him a little
peep show and when he goes in the Fonda
he finds out the woman up and vanish
like a fart in the wind then Old
Faithful takes him to a historian who
tells him some tragic story about how
Madeline's dead great granny off to self
and then takes Mitch home who gets all
giggly jealous about miss Gavin else -
hottie pants then mr. Elster tells
Johnny / Scottie that mrs. hottie pants
don't even know the woman she's having
conversations with and her pretty head
about flowers to cover up the stink of
her rotten old bones and jenna / Scottie
like pooled it dub if I'm a star kill
sex and wife and seduce her crazy self
I'm gonna need to stay half lip then
most talking on the way to San Francisco
Bay where she leaps in straight up
damsel in distress style no worry dear
I'm coming to save your hot buns from
the cold water then I'm gonna take you
home not dear husband's home because
that would be weird
to my home so I can strip you down to
your birthday suit and hang your big
bloomers up in my kitchen while you lie
my bed in the buff then a fireside chat
where she lets him know she knows he
knows what she looks like without her
shimmy but does she don't know what his
name is and he's like well I don't know
what the hell my name is either some
people call me Johnny some people call
me Scottie some people call me the space
cowboy some comment against her love and
she's like well I'll call you mr.
Ferguson because y'all told enough to be
my daddy will you be my daddy then the
phone rings and
her husband and while mr. Ferguson is on
the phone not telling the man he just
saw his wife from stem to stern he years
annoy something to run out and find his
crazy baby don't run off and took her
big old panties with there was some big
old panties so the next day Fergie
follows Madeline around while she
continues along minding her own damn
business on her path to Knut Ville he
said that she actually wants to see him
again
and she's like sorry you had to see my
big bloomers and he's like oh no I also
wear big blue well that was awkward so
to remedy this awkwardness they decided
to spend the day together come on y'all
let's take a ride over the river and
through the woods to my dad crazy
possessive great grandmother's house we
go this is San Juan Bautista which is
the actual childhood home of that lady
that lives in Madeline's head rent-free
then he realizes he loved a lot more
about this woman that her big bloomers
and she realized she done up and fell
for stalker three times her age and she
like Oh hailed it right and she takes
off of the church and gives him some
speech about how she didn't mean to fall
in love with him but she did and how
does a bad romance and how too banged up
people I'll not be banging this she
climbs up the belts out like I named
Quasimodo and Jimmy I mean Johnny chases
her but he gets the case of the spins
and probably a case of the squirts when
he has a bed and he watches the woman he
loved loaned to her death knowing damn
well he could have stopped her if he
hadn't been such a lily-livered psycho
cowardly chicken poop de n-not ain't
dyin didn't Scottish / Johnny / Fergie
straight up loser damn mine he only had
about three damn Marvel's rolling around
up in there anyway and after a short
stay in the hospital because that's
where hot blonds will put you Scottie
Johnny Fergie resumes his stalking
tendencies and he sees the hot blonde
everywhere in this old lady in this old
restaurant in this young brunette and in
this other young brunette and he follows
up to the room and interrogator he's
like what's your name and she's like
Judy Barton were you from Salina Kansas
how big your bloomers show you in our
really love your peaches won't shake
your tree then
rewind backtrack flashback surprise judy
is Madeleine Madeleine is Judy Madeleine
is a well she ain't a man but her
husband was shocking I know and he done
thrown a debt right out of the tower in
front of them nuns that Brees gotten
everybody to see it then Judas is down
to write her bloom of people a long love
letter of apology
dear China / Scottie I was hired by
Gavin / mr. Elster to pretend to be his
wife Madeleine so you could fall in love
with me / her because Gavin / mr. Elster
knew you was a scaredy-cat / Lilly
livered sack Oh chicken poop and
wouldn't make it up to talent it will
serve as one hell of a mack daddy of a
witness to my / her suicide / murder I
didn't mean to fall in love / let you
see my bloomers but I didn't it's done
and now imma just are you in an oft /
day until I find out how if I can make
this situation love Madeline / Judy and
they stop dating and he does what any
good daddy would do he feeds her while
checking out another woman
he buys us some new duds there reminds
him of another one he makes her get her
hair and makeup done up like another
woman and he gonna do her like another
woman who was actually herself but this
back present Paul does not know that's
where she getting ready for their next
date she pulls out a little murder
memorabilia and then daddy knows what's
up so he drives the sexy scheming
seductress to the site where he last saw
her and he tells her bloom awaring but
to climb the steps climb the steps bit
and along the way he suffers from his
fear of heights but he's so overcome by
the other crazy going on in his head
like oh the fact that he's in love with
a woman who was pretending to be the
woman he thought he was in love with so
her husband could kill her and makes
Connie the witness to her murder that he
would think was a suicide but he just
keeps on trucking
until he gets near the top and realizes
he's cured and all it took was a severe
emotional drama of falling in love with
a woman possessed by her great granny
committing suicide only to find out she
was just some lady fruitcake frontin and
then she's like oh but I love you my
Fergalicious daddy and he's like sorry I
only do crazes and then none with no
respectful prophecy bust up in the
middle of their makeout session which
scares the right out of that beautiful
accomplice and Scottie John jr. was the
woman he thought he loved plummet to her
death
second time but hey at least he's free
of his fear Heights and Virgo to end
well yes that's really die and and wait
what happened to me
I'm the Africa be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for your regular fix of myth
you can expect me to upload more videos
after I get finished thinking these
special patrons David djk dis a whiskey
Brandon CT Gabriela see Michelle WP tfj
grey do raspberries David see Kelly s
car os David em Dan W Donna gon I am
melon am Justin be John Y and Mario
Palmer's explain for I'm jammed
Johnny Scotty Fergie gangster a love a
dial yeah